what's up everyone just don't GT CALPIRG
they've got the review of the seller s
case for the iPhone 5 so the model I've
got in front of me is the rapture elite
aluminum case which is available in a
variety of colors and here in front of
me I've got the blue and white so this
case offers a lightweight protection as
well as a precision fit so nuts time to
give you guys a back look at this it has
a huge lay on the table design that you
may notice and it also has a nice hybrid
style construction which has a silicone
inner core and a plastic outer and
aluminum on the back so let's just slide
this out here and take out the case
itself and the only thing that is
included in this packaging is the case
so like I said it does have a hugely on
the table design it is a two-piece case
so first you put on the silicone layer
and then the plastic layer where the two
part will follow so there we've got our
iPhone 5 here I'm just gonna figure out
how to take this apart I did have some
problems trying to get this case apart
so there just snap it apart there and we
revealed with the silicone part of the
case so now you just need to take the
iPhone 5 and put it in the silicone case
this part it's actually pretty
straightforward
and then it's time to put in the plastic
part which I did have a little bit of
troubles which may explain I sped this
up here but just really hard to line up
actually and just snap it on there but
overall you're able to get it on and
there you go it's a pretty nice case in
terms of its protection wise I can see
why people would use this because it
does offer a quite a bit style as well
as a protection it also gives and as you
can see the camera room is also rimmed
so you won't have any glare when taking
photos in terms of the thickness it
isn't really the thinnest case out there
but this is more intended toward someone
who wants a really good level of
protection and on the top just take a
look at the volume rockers and the power
button which are nicely exposed as a
silicone meaning that it'll be very easy
to access you shouldn't have any issues
with that now taking a look at the
bottom it does seem kind of recessed as
you know this does give you quite a bit
of protection because this is a two
layer hybrid case so it does seem a
little bit deep but you still should
have any problems getting your ports
your lighting dock connector or your
headphones in there on the back has a
very nice brushed aluminum look as you
know I did review another case from
seller which also had a very nice
brushed aluminum so it seems to be their
specialty I really enjoy it and on the
front like I said it gives you a huge
lay on the table design probably like a
one and a half millimeter or two
millimeter lay on the table design there
so that's also a plus if you're gonna be
dropping it on face flat concrete or
something it's great to have because as
you know a lot of cases do a little
table design but you still have the risk
of damaging your screen but in this case
I'd say this is kind of like a stylish
version of the OtterBox as it gives you
more than average of an everyday
protection so all in all thank you to
Seles for sending us out for viewing
purposes I have to say that this gives a
pretty good level of protection and it
may be a very practical case for many
people and it does have the two layer
design as well as a really stylish
brushed aluminum back that is available
in many colors so thanks for watching
I'll see you guys in my next video